Feature - add capability to create folder in Azure file share (#108)
arcus-azure/arcus.scripting: docs/preview/features/powershell/azure-storage-fileshare.md

---
title: "Scripts related to interacting with Azure Storage for file shares"
layout: default
---

# Azure Storage for file shares

This module provides the following capabilities:

> - [Creating a new folder on a file share](#creating-a-folder-on-a-file-share)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Creating a new folder on an Azure file share](#creating-a-folder-on-an-azure-file-share)
```

## Installation

To have access to the following features, you have to import the module:

```powershell
PS> Install-Module -Name Arcus.Scripting.Storage.FileShare
```

> ## Creating a folder on a file share

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating a folder on an Azure file share
```

> Creates a new folder within the Azure Store File Share resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new folder within the Azure File Share resource.
```

| Parameter            | Mandatory | Description                                                             |
| -------------------- | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `ResourceGroupName`  | yes       | The resource group containing the Azure File Share.                     |

> | `StorageAccountName` | yes       | The Azure Storage account name that has access to the Azure File Share. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `StorageAccountName` | yes       | The Azure Storage Account name that hosting the Azure File Share. |
```
